Add new release notes (#576)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/java/release-notes.mdx

### Fixed issues
-->

## 3.59.0 - December 02, 2021

[Maven Central](https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:com.sap.cloud.sdk*%20AND%20v:3.59.0) | [Javadoc](https://help.sap.com/doc/55bb1642ea614bf582d514ed34401136/1.0/en-US/index.html)

### Compatibility Notes

- Removed unnecessary dependency `netty-bom` from the Bill of Material (BOM).
- Replaced the experimental API `HttpSecuritySettings getHttpSecuritySettings()` with `SSLContext getSslContext()` on `CloudPlatform`.
  Removed the experimental interface `HttpSecuritySettings`

### New Functionality

> - Add the remaining changes since `3.58.0` to our update of the OData VDM with the [newest release 2111 of SAP S/4HANA Cloud](https://news.sap.com/2021/10/sap-s4hana-cloud-2111-innovating-business-futures/).
>   Now the SDK supports all OData services listed in the [SAP API Business Hub for SAP S/4HANA Cloud](https://api.sap.com/products/SAPS4HANACloud/overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the remaining changes since `3.58.0` to our update of the OData typed client (VDM) with the [newest release 2111 of SAP S/4HANA Cloud](https://news.sap.com/2021/10/sap-s4hana-cloud-2111-innovating-business-futures/).
  Now the SDK supports all OData services listed in the [SAP API Business Hub for SAP S/4HANA Cloud](https://api.sap.com/products/SAPS4HANACloud/overview).
```

- Update of the OData VDM to the [newest release 2021 of SAP S/4HANA On-Premise](https://help.sap.com/viewer/product/SAP_S4HANA_ON-PREMISE/2021/en-US).
  The SDK supports all OData services listed in the [SAP API Business Hub for SAP S/4HANA On-Premise](https://api.sap.com/products/SAPS4HANA/overview)
  This includes completely new services, new operations in previously existing services, and new entity types in the following new Maven artifacts:

  - [`s4hana-api-odata-v4-onpremise`](https://search.maven.org/artifact/com.sap.cloud.sdk.s4hana/s4hana-api-odata-v4-onpremise) manages classes in package `com.sap.cloud.sdk.s4hana.onpremise.datamodel.odatav4.services`
  - [`s4hana-api-odata-onpremise`](https://search.maven.org/artifact/com.sap.cloud.sdk.s4hana/s4hana-api-odata-onpremise) manages classes in package `com.sap.cloud.sdk.s4hana.onpremise.datamodel.odata.services`

>   The existing modules `s4hana-api-odata-onpremise-2020` and `s4hana-api-odata-v4-onpremise-2020` remain unchanged to reflect the respective (outdated) On-Premise release version.

Reviewer 2: @newtork We did deprecate the service methods here, right? I think we need a compatibility note on that in the release notes..

  Additional modules with `2021` name equivalent are not planned.

### Improvements

- Dependency Updates:
  - SAP dependency updates:
    - Update [Neo JavaEE7 WP API](https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:com.sap.cloud%20a:neo-javaee7-wp-api) (`com.sap.cloud:neo-javaee7-wp-api`) from `1.109.7` to `1.110.3`
    - Update [Neo Java Web API](https://search.maven.org/artifact/com.sap.cloud/neo-java-web-api) (`com.sap.cloud:neo-java-web-api`) from `4.13.8` to `4.14.6`
  - Other dependency updates:
    - Minor version updates:
      - Update [Logback Classic](https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:ch.qos.logback%20a:logback-classic) (`ch.qos.logback:logback-classic`) from `1.2.6` to `1.2.7`.
      - Update [Mockito](https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:org.mockito%20a:mockito-core) (`org.mockito:mockito-core`) from `4.0.0` to `4.1.0`

### Fixed issues

> - Fix a race-condition issue when serializing OData V2 VDM entity objects concurrently in multiple threads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We fixed a race-condition issue when serializing OData V2 VDM entity objects concurrently in multiple threads.
```
